
000
ABNT20 KNHC 032346
TWOAT 

Tropical Weather Outlook
NWS National Hurricane Center Miami FL
700 PM EST Sun Nov 3 2024

For the North Atlantic...Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico:

Active Systems:
The National Hurricane Center is issuing advisories on Subtropical 
Storm Patty, located over the northeastern Atlantic Ocean east of 
the Azores Islands.

The National Hurricane Center has initiated advisories on Potential 
Tropical Cyclone Eighteen, located over the south-central portion 
of the Caribbean Sea.
* Formation chance through 48 hours...high...near 100 percent.
* Formation chance through 7 days...high...near 100 percent.

Southwestern Atlantic:
An area of disturbed weather could develop from an interaction of 
moisture with an upper-level trough digging near the northern 
Leeward Islands around the middle of this week.  Some slow 
subtropical or tropical development of this system is possible after 
that time as it moves generally westward over the southwestern 
Atlantic.
* Formation chance through 48 hours...low...near 0 percent.
* Formation chance through 7 days...low...20 percent.

Near the Southeastern Bahamas:
A trough of low pressure continues to produce disorganized showers 
and thunderstorms along with gusty winds over the southeastern 
Bahamas and adjacent waters. This system is expected to be absorbed 
into Potential Tropical Cyclone Eighteen (AL18) over the Caribbean 
Sea by late Monday, and development before that time is no longer 
anticipated. Regardless, locally heavy rains are possible during the 
next couple of days across the Greater Antilles and the Bahamas.
* Formation chance through 48 hours...low...near 0 percent.
* Formation chance through 7 days...low...near 0 percent.

&&
Public Advisories on Potential Tropical Cyclone Eighteen are issued 
under WMO header WTNT33 KNHC and under AWIPS header MIATCPAT3. 
Forecast/Advisories on Potential Tropical Cyclone Eighteen are 
issued under WMO header WTNT23 KNHC and under AWIPS header 
MIATCMAT3.

$$
Forecaster Papin
